welcome my name is sophia and now i'm
going to talk about the greatest showman
in the mid-19th century p t
barnum and his troop perform a show at
the circus the greatest show
part one as a child barnum and his
taylor father
filo work for the hallett family he
loves their daughter
charity who is being sent to finishing
school
the two keep in touch through letters a
million dreams
eventually marrying and raising two
daughters caroline and helen
in new york city they live a humble life
though charity is happy barnum craves
more
barnum loses his job as a clerk at a
shipping company after the company goes
bankrupt and returns home for caroline's
birthday
a million dreams reprise he takes out a
loan from a bank
deceiving them into accepting his former
employers lost ships as collateral
he uses this loan to set up barnum's
american museum in downtown manhattan
an attraction showcasing various wax
models
initially sales are slow on the
suggestion of his children to showcase
something
alive barnum searches for freaks to
serve as performers for his museum
come alive he gathers a large group of
them including ledy lex
this attracts a large audience despite
protests and poor reviews from james
gordon bennett
prompting barnum to rename his venture
barnum's circus
searching for ways to further his
reputation barnum meets playwright
philip carlisle and convinces him to
join his venture
the other side philip is mesmerized by
the african-american trapeze artist ann
wheeler
but he hides his feelings during a trip
philip arranges for barnum and his troop
to meet queen victoria
afterwards barnum convinces famed
swedish singer jenny lint to perform in
america with him as her manager
lin's first american performance as a
rousing success never enough
during the song phillip and ann are
spotted by philip's parents as they are
holding hands
as barnum gains favor with the
aristocratic patrons
he begins to distance himself from his
troop as he advises them to work on that
night's show
dejected they decide to stand against
their local harassers
this is me philip and anne attend the
theater but they run
into phillips parents who chastise
philip for parading around with the
help anne runs off and philip angrily
berates them
then chases anne and tries to convince
her that they can be together
but she rejects him rewrite the stars
as barnum takes linde on a u.s tour
charity feels isolated from her husband
as she stays home with their daughters
taitrope while on tour lind begins
falling in love with barnum
when he refuses her advances she
threatens to quit and orchestrates a
kiss with him at the end of her last
show which is photographed by the press
never enough
reprise barnum returns home to find his
circus on fire
caused by a fight between the protesters
and the troop
philip runs into the burning building
believing that anna's still inside and
suffers serious injuries before being
rescued by barnum
barnum gets word from a sympathetic
bennett that the culprits have been
caught and that lind has cancelled her
tour after her and barnum's
scandal barnum's mansion is foreclosed
upon and charity takes their daughters
to her parents home
devastated by his selfishness barnum
retreats to a local bar
where his troop find him and explain
that despite their disappointments
they still consider themselves a family
that needs him
inspired he resolves to start a new show
and not let ambition
overtake his love from now on philip
wakes in a hospital with anne by his
side
barnum finds charity and they mend their
relationship
barnum is faced with the financial
difficulty of rebuilding the circus
but the recovering philip steps in
offering to use his share of the
circus's profits to rebuild it under
condition of becoming a full partner
which barnum happily accepts
to save money barnum transforms the
enterprise into an open-air tent circus
by the docks
the revamped circus as a huge success
the greatest
show part two barnum gives full control
of the show to philip to spend more time
with his family
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you